David what was your recollection of this
moment oh I suppose bliss really happy
missing well then he feels it I mean I'd
reverse it because he's putting my lips
that was another shot there is putting
my foot the baby gorilla started taking
off my shoes when you can't talk about
the opposable thumb and the importance
in primate evolution of the grip if
someone is taking off your shoes to give
that somebody is it's it's two baby
gorillas so I thought well if I see do
this and so I actually notions of
primate evolution and the technicalities
of digital grips vanish the night window
yeah we're done I just sort of lay there
while this explore the experience this
was one of those amazing moments of all
stop filming expedition where I had the
expectations of getting David with a few
gorillas and the background and then to
suddenly find he was surrounded by
gorillas with with youngsters sort of
offending all him and sticking their
bottoms at his face and by Disney
unbelievable that was certainly one of
the most unforgettable moments in my
career in making that resistance